# Last Incident
This app allows you to track undesired incidents that occur and see the time since the last incident.

## Technologies
The main purpose of this app was to explore the creation of a Kotlin Multiplatform app relying completely on the Compose Multiplatform tooling. The logic and UI is contained entirely in common code, with Android, iOS, and Desktop all running from the same code base.
I wanted to explore the current ecosystem in KMP in general to see how feasible it is to build a real app with pure KMP code. The app relies heavily on Google's Room database library for data persistence, Koin for dependency injection, Material Design 3 for UI and widgets, and ViewModel for state management.

## Structure
All platforms initialize into the same navigation graph, keeping a consistent UI stack. Data persistence is managed with the Repository class, which interfaces with the Room app database via the provided DAO object. The various screens connect with data via viewmodels which provide data from the repository via flows and UiState objects built for each screen.

## Autogenerated readme from Kotlin project creator

This is a Kotlin Multiplatform project targeting Android, iOS, Desktop.

* `/composeApp` is for code that will be shared across your Compose Multiplatform applications.
  It contains several subfolders:
  - `commonMain` is for code that’s common for all targets.
  - Other folders are for Kotlin code that will be compiled for only the platform indicated in the folder name.
    For example, if you want to use Apple’s CoreCrypto for the iOS part of your Kotlin app,
    `iosMain` would be the right folder for such calls.

* `/iosApp` contains iOS applications. Even if you’re sharing your UI with Compose Multiplatform, 
  you need this entry point for your iOS app. This is also where you should add SwiftUI code for your project.


Learn more about [Kotlin Multiplatform](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/get-started.html)…